nameservice tutorial edits (#302)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: nameservice/tutorial/02-app-init.md

# Start your application

Let's get started by creating a new app, we'll be using the lvl-1 [app template](https://github.com/cosmos/scaffold/blob/master/docs/app.md) provided by the scaffold tool.

Run the following command, where `user` is your Github username and `repo` is the name of the repo where you'll be creating your application, `nameservice-tutorial` for example. For now you don't need any flags, but scaffold allows you to choose extra configuration options at this step if you like.
```bash
scaffold app lvl-1 [user] [repo] [flags]

cd [repo]
```

> Inside the repo you just created you'll see three directories: `app` which holds the definition of the main state machine runtime, `cmd` with commands for interacting with the runtime, and `x` that contains the application-specific state machine subset and message/transaction processing logic that will be composed with the main runtime to form the complete state machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the repo you just created you'll see three directories: `app` which holds the definition of the main state machine runtime, `cmd` with commands for interacting with the runtime, and `x` that contains the application-specific modules with message/transaction processing logic that will be combined with the main runtime to form the complete state machine.
```
